Welcome to the Deep Learning Nanodegree program.
I'm Cezanne Camacho, the Curriculum Lead for this program.
I'm excited to teach you all about the math and
programming concepts behind deep learning applications.
Deep learning has made many tasks possible,
from language translation and self-driving car navigation,
to image and art generation.
Deep learning is used today to learn from existing data,
notice patterns, and predict future trends.
It's an active area of research, and at Udacity,
we've developed this program so that you'll learn about some
of the latest deep learning models and frameworks.
Deep learning is changing a number of industries.
No matter what application you're interested in,
being able to program and think critically about
deep learning models will be a valuable skill to have.
It's important to always be learning,
and I can't wait to see where this journey takes you.